Summer 2024 updates (#4735)
Couchers-org/couchers: app/web/markdown/volunteer/backend-developer.md

---
title: "Backend Developer"
crumb: Backend Developer
description: "Apply to volunteer as a Backend Developer for Couchers.org"
---

## [Apply Here](/volunteer/form)

## Position Description

**This is a remote volunteer position**

> Couchers.org is seeking additional Backend Developers to increase the pace of development and assist building the platform that powers the Couchers.org community. While we are seeking experienced engineers, we are also excited to hear from junior developers or those with strong technical skills in other areas of software who have baseline skills and can commit their time after necessary training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Couchers.org is seeking additional Backend Developers to increase the pace of development and assist building the platform that powers the Couchers.org community. While we are seeking experienced engineers, we are also excited to hear from junior developers or those with strong technical skills in other areas of software who have baseline skills, can work independently, and commit their time.
```

> The Couchers.org codebase is open source under the MIT license and we accept occasional contributions via the [Open Source Developer process](/volunteer/open-source-developer), however, we are looking for some dedicated volunteers who can join the formal backend team and make a commitment of 5+ hours per week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Couchers.org codebase is open source under the MIT license and we accept occasional contributions via the [Open Source Developer process](/volunteer/open-source-developer), however, we are looking for some dedicated volunteers who can join the formal backend team and make a commitment of 5+ hours per week (you choose when!)
```
